Minor video streaming phrasing updates (#1077)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/video-streaming.en.md

!!! Warning

>     When using FreeTube, your IP address is still known to YouTube & the [Invidious](https://instances.invidious.io) and SponsorBlock instances that you may use. Consider using a [VPN](vpn.md) or [Tor](https://www.torproject.org) if your [threat model](threat-modeling.md) requires hiding your IP address.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this change actually makes more sense.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using FreeTube, your IP address is still known to YouTube, and the [Invidious](https://instances.invidious.io) or SponsorBlock instances that you may use. Consider using a [VPN](vpn.md) or [Tor](https://www.torproject.org) if your [threat model](threat-modeling.md) requires hiding your IP address.
```

Author: > Edit: see your own suggestion! https://github.com/github/explore/blob/main/docs/styleguide.md#ampersands

aaa lol

I think this makes the most sense:

```suggestion
    When using FreeTube, your IP address may still be known to YouTube, [Invidious](https://instances.invidious.io), or [SponsorBlock](https://sponsor.ajay.app/) depending on your configuration. Consider using a [VPN](vpn.md) or [Tor](https://www.torproject.org) if your [threat model](threat-modeling.md) requires hiding your IP address.
```

!!! note

>     Only the **LBRY desktop client** is recommended as the [Odysee](https://odysee.com) website and the LBRY clients in F-Droid, Play Store, and the App Store have mandatory synchronization and telemetry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Only the **LBRY desktop client** is recommended, as the [Odysee](https://odysee.com) website and the LBRY clients in F-Droid, Play Store, and the App Store have mandatory synchronization and telemetry.
```
